oh yes is edema he'll only go to toy
hunter and get some homogeneity but I
hung on to biotin doubt 15:15 t me my
get Chris fire core type in program to
show how young to be on Fox Aria
cartridge a good one
because Irene a c4 gap heart I eat again
heavy hunk amputee a bread get my gun
ride you know in a perfect spots split
came at the top and they accelerate away
nicely I was a little bit worried prior
to the race coming in the parade ring it
was sweating up you know quite a bit but
once we settle them up idea chill a
little bit so it was good seek wanna go
Tory you get some meat you getting you
to not music because I'm a take a pull
one more yeah I somehow website which
are marketable inhibitory tell you to
make a somehow work type whele your
hormonal get 1c to take 10,000 don't is
Hong Kong and I barely walk with you how
but food among sinking the coin don't
always thing just walk that yakitori you
forgot your trim boom gang up our mind I
want white blue one I'm more to abusing
okay homeboy yeah come on this was an
emphatic win you know I'm so happy I got
the horse Burton gave him the best ride
you've ever seen and I finally got the
monkey off the back I'm absolutely
ecstatic and not happy with the winner
correlative yeah reproduction but I'm
happy for both
even read an excel you know running
second that was great but anyway I've
got the monkey off the back thanks to
the team in Hong Kong pinks to the team
here and thanks for coming it also
you're an expatriate you've been in Hong
Kong a long time but he fly in the og
flag along with the jockeys exactly up
the Aussies and up to Hong Kong's I
think today's a performance of lucky 9
and the first two horses in the cup was
absolutely outstanding I was very
optimistic with military tech because I
think he's probably the best 2000 meter
awesome in Asia and I think with then
Excel I was a bit question is a distance
but terrific performance of him running
second I am all by my gosh I can go do
things so yeah I think it's a Mohammedan
much fun eh have faith in the ticket we
have a cop near th so we have had a
choice of come over your item coming oh
yes